what if yuri were real
Here in Wega Civilization, nobody chooses to jump for the Golden Wega.
back at it again with the upside down fanta AAH! the upside down fanta AAH!
aWYgeW91J3JlIHJlYWRpbmcgdGhpcywgeW91IGFyZSBhIG5lcmQu
dad was such a drag.. every day he'd eat the same kind of food, dress the same, sit in front of all of the same kinds of games..
have you ever wanted movies free?
wretched piper call my name and tell me what i'm worth again and never listen never hold a hand of god and breathe again for me
nobody calls it a movator saturday
MARVIN SML.. YOU TOOK EVERYTHING FROM ME..
listening.. hear them calling to me? from another plane of existance.. will you tell me that everything will be alright without me?
bleeding hearts breathe.. in my.. direction.. it's all.. up-to reflection to BUUUUURRRRNNNNNN THE BLAAAAAAAANNNDDDDDD AND BROKEEEEEENNNNNN..
:3c
why is slingmingo following me on bluesky
chat don't change the "AETHEON" environment variable bad idea
hewdraw remix :speaking_head:
Max, how big was the FAT BITCH?
Max, how big was that Wii U?
Get your big ass hair out of the caption!!
Hello I am Albania crash string, due to poor technology in country I am not able to crash your Wega's Challenge 2 Deluxe. please be so kind and press Alt+F4
OLIMAR! WATCH OUT! BOMB ROCK! THROW IT BACK OLIMAR!
"touch grass" i CAN'T i EATED it all!!
the way wega stands in this picture is literally the most thug gangster ass shit like holy hell its so badass
deltarune
hello chat
live pizzano reaction
get wifi anywhere you go!
7 Grand Dad!
hhgreg jumpscare
gomba jumpscare
ok
positively scrumptious
ratio
dandori issue
woag
big fan of violence V (pretend that is pointing at you i don't think there's a proper character for that in this font)
pik man
screw you config.plist
live ayumu reaction
unfortunately for you, i have a weirdly stretched gif of keanu pulling out a knife
pfbtbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbbpbppfbt
i'm kinda like shadow the hedgehog, but instead of being the ultimate lifeform i'm the ultimate loser
haiii!! hiaaaa!!! heelllooo!!!! hheiiii! :33
get real
i stole the precious thing
major spelling mestake
nice argument you have; however, i am still going to kick you in the balls.
i cried about it
meow :3
everybody wanna be a super star
anybody remember lario?
i've gone past the point of insanity
my descent into madness is complete
balls 7
annoying orange series premiere
fkhgsjkdfgjsjkfgghdfjik
skibidi toilet michael bay movie
scarlet police on ghetto patrol!
erm... cheesed to meet you?
You never stop clapping, the time between claps just increases.
She Skibidi on my Toilet till' I dafuqboom
She Skibidi.. She Skibidi on my- She.. She Skibidi- FUCK
Press Home, X, and A for a sweet surprise!
I LOVE KIDS CHARLEY, I LOVE KIDS!!
Uh, Pim, I don't think you should be saying that.
shutdown /r /t 0
I'm so sigma!
"i had a corndog from sonic once and it made me throw up" - Bruh.wmv, 7/14/2024
Woah-oh-ooo-oh-o-o-ohhhh, Story of Undertale!
i drank something called "fast twitch" i got at a food bank and now i'm getting really giggly, send help
gpu timeout when opening sandboxlabs unity project speedrun (i haven't been able to update the game in months help)
"Hey daddy, can you get me the biggest to smallest rainbow stackable yellow rod toy at Target?"
My mind, my face.. It's all yours at the end of the day!
My life, my name.. It's all yours to reflect and sustain!
She phasin' on my third person 'till i Jerry Juke
Wow, you suck!
"you're drunk you can barely walk" YEAH, that's why i'm going to drive DUMBASS!!
I love playing in mud and eating the sand
this guy fucking SUCKS at wega's challenge 2!
I am a pear.
migu!! :3c
i'm a doggy on the streets but a freak in the sheets, i say yeah yeah yeah yeah
You are grounded grounded grounded grounded grounded
why that dock got an april in it's melt
the new norm normal beer cozy shop.newnorm.tv
boss tweaks in brasil!! funny!!
MILF Messenger - Do NOT tell your wife about this app!
i'm in the thick of it everybody knows
https://tenor.com/view/kasane-teto-teto-maraccas-project-diva-gif-13158708662644719723
chocomilk: akita neru irl
stop nagging me!!